README.md, before:

# AMWA NMOS Device Connection Management Specification (IS-05)

## GitHub Pages documentation

If you are reading this you are on the gh-pages branch, which is used to generate the documentation from the master and other branches, and from releases.  These are served at https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos-device-connection-management/.

## Generating the documentation

If you make any changes to the repo please do the following:

Make sure you have the correct version for raml2html installed. For RAML 1.0 you should use the latest version:

``sudo npm install -g raml2html``

_Note: recent versions of raml2html may hang if you use them directly (or via generateHTML) on the RAML files, due to the location of schema files.  The procedure below includes a workaround until we resolve this._

Clone this repo (if you haven't already), checkout the gh-pages branch and make:

``git checkout gh-pages``

``make``

This runs scripts to:
- clone the repo from AMWA's GitHub
- for each branch and release (with some exceptions) extract documentation, APIs and schemas
  - making HTML renders of the RAML APIs
- for each branch and release create indexes for the documentation, APIs and schemas
- make links to what will later be the HTML renders of the Markdown documentation

## Updating AMWA's GitHub

You can push the updated documentation to AMWA's GitHub with.

``make push``

Admins must be to do this after merging PRs etc (until this is automated with CircleCI at some point).

This then triggers a build of the GitHub Pages. This happens on GitHub's servers, using Jekyll to render the HTML.  This includes rendering the Markdown content, but we have to do the RAML ourselves.

Commit message:

Set up to allow local Jekyll build

README.md, after:

# AMWA NMOS Device Connection Management Specification (IS-05)

## GitHub Pages documentation

If you are reading this you are on the gh-pages branch, which is used to generate the documentation from the master and other branches, and from releases.  These are served at <https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos-device-connection-management/>.

## Generating the documentation

If you make any changes to the repo please do the following:

Make sure you have the correct version for raml2html installed. For RAML 1.0 you should use the latest version:

``sudo npm install -g raml2html``

_Note: recent versions of raml2html may hang if you use them directly (or via generateHTML) on the RAML files, due to the location of schema files.  The procedure below includes a workaround until we resolve this._

Clone this repo (if you haven't already), checkout the gh-pages branch and make:

``git checkout gh-pages``

``make``

This runs scripts to:

- clone the repo from AMWA's GitHub
- for each branch and release (with some exceptions) extract documentation, APIs and schemas
  - making HTML renders of the RAML APIs
- for each branch and release create indexes for the documentation, APIs and schemas
- make links to what will later be the HTML renders of the Markdown documentation

## Viewing locally (optional)

To check the documentation without pushing:

- See [this page](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll)
  - you need to have Ruby, Bundler, Jekyll installed
- Run this from the top level directory in the gh-pages branch:

  ``bundle exec jekyll server``

- Goto <http://127.0.0.1:4000/>

You can install jekyll locally ## Updating AMWA's GitHub

You can push the updated documentation to AMWA's GitHub with.

``make push``

Admins must be to do this after merging PRs etc (until this is automated with CircleCI at some point).

This then triggers a build of the GitHub Pages. This happens on GitHub's servers, using Jekyll to render the HTML.  This includes rendering the Markdown content, but we have to do the RAML ourselves.
